warn on node version greater than current LTS (#2279)
nomiclabs/hardhat: .changeset/rude-suns-speak.md

---
"hardhat": patch
---

> warn on node version greater than current LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning is now shown when a node version greater than the current LTS is used.
```
